>> Jem Young: So
one issue right now is I run node, but
I don't wanna type, if I type node,
it's not going to resolve to anything.
I have to type nodejs.
Well, that's lame, so now I'm in node.
But I don't wanna do this every time.
I'm gonna make a symbolic
link to link node to node.js.
So to make a symbolic link,
first you sudo it.
ln -s,
the first one is where we're coming from,
the second part is where
we're pointing to.
So we're pointing the nodejs binary
to just the symbolic link for
node.
>> Jem Young: Okay,
so I'm gonna go ahead and do that as well.
So sudo ln -s /usr/bin/nodejs,
and I'm gonna point that to,
>> Jem Young: /usr/bin, oops, node.
So now, when I type node, we're good.
So now we can run commands as you
do on your personal laptop at home.
You don't have to do this.
It's just easier to, for
your cognitive sense to just always use
node instead of nodejs every single time.